Inside and Outside the Three Realms
Relentless
Who is it?
Why meddle?
You don't deserve to ask my name
Let me see who is behind your scenes
Give it up. You never know.
Impossible! How could you spy on me?
temporary
How is it? Did you find it?
No one behind the scenes yet
I'm afraid I'll spy on his exact location
It's an interrupted story.
Master Shen
Miss Su's identity has been investigated very clearly
I don't think he looks like Shen Zangyi's person
Shen Jie
I think that little girl simply likes you
Why do you feel so
Well, because he treats you differently than everyone else.
Are you cold to other people?
That's just simp behavior for you.
What is that like?
Xiang's wolf, who had been hungry for days, saw the meat
Master Shen, go and have a look
Miss Su, he seems to be dying